(Yuya)
Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
Sorry I hadn't had the
opportunity to welcome you two.
So, how about I make it up to
you with a very special offer?
You two beat every one
of my boys here in a duel,
and I'll see about sending you
back above ground.
Even in a mountain of junk,
sometimes you can find
a hidden gem.
What happens
when you find them?!
(Lucas Swank)
I take them
straight to the boss,
the Director of Security,
Jean Michel Roget.
Oh.
Mmm.
Ah.
You know that duelist they call
Sergei from the Friendship Cup?
He's one of the discoveries
I presented as a gift
to Mr. Roget.
(Melissa)
Please stand up
and stomp your spurs
for New Domino's Damon
Lopez... and Sergei Volkoff!
Sergei's brain
is all bot,
but his brawn's
flesh and bones?
(Lucas Swank)
He's programmed to destroy
every duelist like a machine.
It's like he has a technology
that's out of this world.
Uhh!
(Declan)
If what you heard
is correct,
then Roget must
have come from...
Duel Academy in
the Fusion Dimension.
Huh?
Continue gathering
information from underground.
Report back to me how
the Lancers are doing.
I will.
(Melissa)
In a dramatic
come‐from‐behind victory,
Damon is out, and the winner
is the Duelin' Destroyer,
Sergei Volkoff!
(Yuya)
Damon?
Another duelist
sent away to work
in the underground.
♪
♪ Hey hey
Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ You vs. me
Competition for the victory ♪
♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪ Swing into action ♪
♪ Are you ready
to play? ♪
♪ Challenge anyone
anywhere any day ♪
♪ You wanna take a chance? ♪
♪ Go 'head and roll
the dice ♪
♪ See if
it's in your cards ♪
♪ If you'll pay
the price ♪
♪ Activate the spell ♪
♪ Let your powers come
to life ♪
♪ It's showtime ♪
♪ Who will win the fight? ♪
♪ I'm ready to duel ♪
♪ Go 'head
and make your move ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪ I'll win this duel
You can't beat my moves ♪
♪ I'm in that groove
I know I can't lose ♪
♪ Your turn, your tricks
Now what will you choose? ♪
♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
(Melissa)
Yes, siree, cowpokes,
we've reached the last duel
of the first round!
Give it up for that broodin'
bad boy, Shay Obsidian...
(crowd cheering)
and his red‐headed rival,
Dennis McField!
♪
(Shay)
You're hiding something, Dennis.
You're not as incompetent as
the other Leo duelists I faced.
Are you really from Leo?
Of course.
They don't teach the kind
of strategies Dennis used
at the Leo Institute.
So then the question is...
if he's not a Leo student,
then where's he from?
I'm not sure Shay was
buying what I was trying
to sell in our last duel.
I'm afraid he might be
sniffin' up the right tree...
so I've gotta do whatever it
takes to shake him off my tail!
If this was a normal duel,
I'd be psyched
to see two friends go at it...
but this time,
the loser's taking
a one‐way trip underground.
It must be disappointing
to see your two Lancers
battle each other?
But that is the way
it has been decided.
Correct, Presider?
Mmm.
Indeed!
(Declan)
I have no objections,
because this duel will be
quite enlightening.
(Gale)
Really?
(electronic pulsing)
(engine running)
(man)
Bust it open, Shay!
(crowd cheering)
(man 2)
He's riding high, and the battle
hasn't even started yet!
(Melissa)
Shay burst onto the scene in
the underground duel circuit,
just like he burst
into this stadium,
and he's gonna get a heap o'
trouble from his opponent,
New Domino City's now famous
street artiste, Dennis
McField!
I'm on a quest to make this the
most dramatic duel ever seen,
with a deck full of surprises...
that'll blow you away!
(cheering)
(man)
Dennis rules!
(Melissa)
Hold on to your saddles,
ladies and gents!
This is gonna be
a duelapalooza
the likes of which this
here city's never seen!
I don't know about you,
but I for one don't wanna
missa single move!
Why, I feel as charged up
as a family of mice
let loose in a
cheese factory!
Let's forget
that you and I are buds
till this shindig
is over, okay?
Hmm. You don't have
to worry aboutthat.
This is war, Dennis.
Easy, guy.
Don't take it too far!
Y'all ready?
Away we go!
Fire up the
Action Field...
Crossover Acceleration!
(computer voice)
Duel Mode engaged.
Autopilot standing by.
(horn honks)
(beeps)
(Melissa)
The clock is tickin'...
so you better
get kickin'!
(both)
Let's duel!
Time to learn
who you really are.
Time to pull the sheet
off of this sham
you're trying to sell me.
(Melissa) By jiminy,
Shay wasted no time
seizing control
of this turbofest,
so now he gets
to go first!
I'll lead off by summoning
Raidraptor Skull Eagle!
Take flight!
Next I'm activating
the spell Raidraptor Call!
This'll let me summon a second
Raidraptor Skull Eagle!
And now I'll build
the Overlay Network
with my two Skull Eagles!
(blasts)
I Xyz Summon!
Raidraptor Fiend Eagle!
(roars)
(Melissa) Folks, I'm
no birdwatcher,
but if you ask me, that's one
ferocious lookin' fowl!
This is when the fun starts!
Thanks to my Skull Eagle's
special abilities,
my Fiend Eagle's attack
points soar to 1,600!
(beeping)
Finally, I activate Fiend
Eagle's special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
you take damage equal
to my Eagle's attack points!
(Melissa)
Yowch! Dennis took a heap
of damage!
Up to your old tricks,
I see.
What do you mean
"old" tricks?
I've seen all these moves
before!
Next your gonna use
a Rank‐Up Magic card
just like last time we dueled.
I'm activating
the spell card...
Rank‐Up Magic Raid Force!
(Dennis)
You'll use your Fiend Eagle to
Xyz Summon another Raidraptor.
That's one rank higher.
Your strategy's as stale
as a loaf of week‐old bread!
Shay has been busted!
Dennis has got
his number!
He isn't just cute,
he's clairvoyant, too!
Ohh.
How about pulling something
unexpected for a change?
You're becoming
way too predictable.
Am I?
You gotta help me keep this
crowd on its toes, buddy‐boy!
I see through
your strategy, too.
You like to play subtle
mind games with your opponent.
Did they teach you that
at the Leo Institute too?
What are you driving at?
I'm gonna find out
the truth about you!
Your move!
My turn to shine!
Voilà!
(Dennis)
Oh, dear, I can't
activate this.
(grunts)
It would prove to Shay
that I'm from
the Fusion Dimension.
Better go with plan B.
And now I'd like
to perform another trick
that's sure to impress
my fans and foes alike!
Dramatic snap!
Why did Fiend Eagle
lose an Overlay Unit?
(Dennis)
Maybe this'll
clear things up.
Hello. Do my eyes
deceive me,
or has Performage Cup
Tricker suddenly appeared?
(rattling)
What?!
You see, in addition to my
awesome mind‐reading magic,
I can also summon
Performage Cup Tricker
by using one Overlay Unit
on the field.
Not bad, huh?
You took an Overlay Unit
from me,
and I'm supposed
to be impressed?
Nah, this is what
should impress you.
Your Fiend Eagle doesn't
just lose an Overlay Unit,
it also gives up 600
precious attack points.
(beeping)
Oh, great.
After that trick, I have
a very special treat.
Magical Pendulum Box lets me
draw two cards from my deck.
If I draw a Pendulum Monster,
it gets added to my hand.
Otherwise, I send it
straight to the graveyard!
I hit the jackpot.
They're both
Pendulum Monsters!
Performage Bonus Dealer and
Performage Overlay Juggler.
These two fellas are exactly
what I need right now...
to set the Pendulum Scale!
(beeping)
(Dennis)
Now I can summon monsters
from Levels four through
five at the same time!
I Pendulum Summon!
Let the Performage parade
begin!
(whooshing)
(Dennis)
First up, we have
Performage Wind Drainer!
Next help me welcome
Performage Wing Sandwichman.
Lastly, Performage Ball
Balancer spins into sight!
(Melissa)
Gee‐whillipers!
That was one dilly
of a Pendulum Summon!
Dennis pulled
off a threefer!
You're setting up your team
for an Xyz Summon aren't you?
Oh, you're
the mind reader now.
Well, I've got another
surprise in the works.
Use your Pendulum Ability,
Bonus Dealer!
Thanks to this,
whenever I Pendulum Summon
at least three Performages,
I'm entitled
to draw a pair of cards.
(Dennis)
Come join the party,
Performage Fire Dancer!
I overlay Level four Ball
Balancer and Fire Dancer.
With these two Monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
Better fill up those lungs
while you have
the chance, folks,
'cause what you're
about to behold
will take your breath away!
I Xyz Summon!
Put your hands together
for my aerial wonder‐worker,
Performage Trapeze Magician!
(Melissa)
Chuck my wagon!
Both our duelists
can Xyz Summon!
That was so much fun!
So you know what?
I'll repeat it!
I Overlay my Cup Tricker...
Wind Drainer...
and the great
Wing Sandwichman.
We have it made in the shade!
I Xyz Summon!
The monster with the silhouette
you can't forget,
Performage Shadow Maker.
With Trapeze Magician's
special ability,
I can use one
of its Overlay Units
to allow a monster
to attack you, not once,
but twice in a single turn!
(laughing)
And since that monster
is Shadow Maker,
its special ability
activates as well!
By using one
of its Overlay Units,
I can summon another
Shadow Maker from my Extra Deck.
Mmmm...
(laughing)
But that's not all,
because the Cup Tricker
I sent to my graveyard
is also getting in
on the action!
Cup Tricker wants show off
its special ability too!
Watch it pull a switcheroo
and move an Overlay Unit from
one Shadow Maker to the other!
Trapeze Magician still has
one Overlay Unit left
and is gonna use it now!
It's giving my second
Shadow Maker
the power to attack twice
as well.
Why stop at two when
a triumphant trifecta will do?
I use Shadow Maker's
Overlay Unit
to summon
a third Shadow Maker!
(Melissa)
Blazin' buzzards!
I never saw one duelist
cast three Shadows before.
And two of those Shadow
Makers can attack twice!
So if all of them monsters
go full force at once,
then that means they
could do as much damage...
as a cyclone in
a pottery shop!
Okay, Trapeze Magician,
take a swing at Fiend Eagle,
and ground it for good.
(Dennis)
Okay, Trapeze Magician,
take a swing at Fiend Eagle!
(whacks)
It doesn't matter.
You see, I have a trap card
that will help me
take control of this duel.
I activate the trap
Raidraptor Target Flag
and target
Trapeze Magician!
Next up, I have
to draw one card,
and you and I both
get to look at it!
It's a monster card.
Now pay attention
to what I say
because I'm only
gonna say it once.
Huh?
If your Trapeze Magician
leaves the field,
Target Flag is destroyed,
and then I get to check out
the cards in your hand.
Uhh...
And since I drew
a monster card,
I have the power
to destroy every monster card
you're holding in your hand!
(Dennis)
Maybe so, but you're just
spinning your wheels.
Your life points
are almost gone.
You can't stop my stars
from shining!
(laughs)
I'm activating
the spell card
Rank‐Up Magic
Doom Double Force!
I'm using it to bring back
my Fiend Eagle
that was destroyed earlier.
and then I'll Overlay it
and summon a Raidraptor
with double its Rank!
I'm gonna keep
pushing you hard, Dennis!
Sooner or later,
you'll reach the breaking point
and show your true skills!
You can't hide the truth
forever.
Go Rank Up Xyz Evolution!
Witness the assent
of Raidraptor Revolution Falcon!
(explosion)
Shay just upped the ante
using a monster
that was past
its expiration date.
I'll use my Falcon's ability!
It destroys your monster,
and you take damage equal
to half its attack points.
One way or another,
I'm gonna smoke out the hidden
truth about you, Dennis!
Let's see how you respond
when Falcon torches
your Trapeze Magician!
If you think I'd let you light
up one of my biggest stars,
you're living in Delusionville!
I've got its back, and
so does this Performage...
Magic Tectician!
Its special ability
makes it a strategic whiz!
All I have to do
is send Magic Tactician
and another monster
on my field to the graveyard,
and that means
your Revolution Falcon
will attack a different
monster instead!
(cackling)
Uhh!
(Dennis)
I lost a Shadow Maker,
but Trapeze Magician's
special ability kept me
from taking damage.
Whew! It's not easy
to take either of us down!
Is it, Trapeze Magician?
We both roll
with the punches.
Oh, I admit you had us
on the defensive
for a minute or three,
but if you really
wanna torch us,
then you'll have to turn up
the heat a whole lot higher!
Grr!
This duel's out of control.
I know they had
a friendly rivalry...
but somehow they've
lost the friendly part.
I'm gonna rip your mask off
once and for all!
Whatever!
Let's treat this crowd
to a slam‐bang finish!
It's my turn!
I activate Revolution
Falcon's special ability!
By using one Overlay Unit,
it can swoop down and attack
all your monsters!
Falcon, Take out
Trapeze Magician!
(Dennis)
Not before I get a piece
of the action, though!
(pounding)
(Shay)
Ravaging Rebellion!
I activate Battle Change!
This Action Spell redirects
your monster's attack.
Huh?!
Instead of trying to take down
my Trapeze Magician,
your battle bird has to go
after my Shadow Maker instead!
It's gonna take more
than an Action card
to get you out
of this mess, Dennis!
Because of Revolution
Falcon's special ability,
its attack and defense points
are zeroed out!
(beeping)
(explosion)
Unh!
Sorry to disappoint you,
but I used Overly Juggler's
Pendulum Ability
to transform Shadow Maker into
an Overlay Unit, which means...
♪ your attack missed! ♪
(Shay)
But you really didn't
achieve anything,
because Revolution Falcon can
still attack Trapeze Magician.
(beeping)
Revolution Falcon, blast
away at Trapeze Magician!
Ravaging Rebellion!
It feels like
I've seen this all before.
You can pretend this duel
is all fun and games,
but I know it's really
a battle for survival!
Huh?!
(explosions)
Shay's not treating this
like a duel,
he's battling
like it's an all‐out war!
(explosion)
(screams)
Trapeze Magician!
There's only one high‐flyin'
Monster on the field now,
and it's not
Trapeze Magician!
That's gonna cost Dennis
a heap o' life points!
Wait... he didn't lose
one lick of 'em!
What's the deal
with that?
What happened!?
Well, you see,
I protected myself
by playing the Action Spell
Damage Banish.
(explosion)
I stumbled on it
just as Trapeze Magician
was destroyed.
Guess you could say
he left me a going‐away present.
It cuts my battle damage
down to nothing,
so I came out of that attack
as fresh as a daisy!
Maybe so, but your act
is getting stale.
Drop the faade,
I'm going to show
everyone the true you!
Everything I've done
is to set up this moment!
Remember, when Trapeze
Magician leaves the field,
Target Flag gets destroyed.
(explosion)
And then I get to see what
you're hiding in your hand!
It's time for the real
Dennis to now be revealed!
Is this what
you wanted to see?
Polymerization.
I knew it.
Only duelists from a certain
dimension use that card,
which means you must be
one of them!
Your turn!
Now that the cat's
out of the bag,
I can hit you
with everything I've got!
Whether you're ready...
or not!
First I'll let loose a spell
that'll help get me in gear.
Chaos Ancient Gear Fusion!
You have no idea
how good it feels,
so let the real me shine!
I'll discard Polymerization
from my hand
and banish four Xyz Monsters
from my graveyard!
That move will allow me
to summon four new monsters
that I'll need to execute
the next step
in my fiendishly
entertaining scheme!
(whooshing)
I have an entire kennel
of Gear Hounds
ready to do my bidding,
and I'm unleashing them now!
Ancient Gear Hunting Hound...
(growling...)
Double Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound...
(laughing)
Triple Ancient
Gear Hunting Hound...
and Ultimate Ancient Gear
Hunting Hound!
Those monsters were used by...
Obelisk Force.
And if you think that's
an impressive sight,
then just wait till
you see what happens
after I take all four of
my Ancient Gear Hunting Hounds
and fuse them together.
Once joined,
they'll form an Ancient Gear
of goliath proportions!
(whooshing)
I Fusion Summon
The ground‐shaking
Chaos Ancient Gear Giant!
(loud cranking)
(beeping)
(gasping)
(Melissa)
Weepin' whillipers!
I've seen some big critters
in my day,
but that one
takes the ranch!
Where did Dennis dig up
a Monster that size?
That war machine!
(girl)
Run!
(man)
They're relentless!
Help!
Move it!
Quick, this way!
(screaming)
(panting)
(loud stomping)
I can tell by the look in your
eye you two have met before.
I knew you were from
the Fusion Dimension!
Whoa!
Oh!
Uhh!
You have someone from the Fusion
Dimension on your team?
I thought you were
fighting against them?
What is the meaning of this?
I can't explain.
This is
quite a revelation.
If you cannot trust
in the members of your own team,
then why should the council
have any confidence in you?
It's true we were deceived,
but at least the enemy agent
has finally been revealed.
Of course, there could be a
traitor on your side as well.
(Melissa)
This duel could still
go either way,
but it looks like Dennis
has the inside track.
In fact, with that
mega‐monster on his team,
he controls the
whole track!
Bet you never saw
that coming right?!